feat: align AC AoWoW with latest version (#21)
azerothcore/aowow: README.md

## Requirements

+ Webserver running PHP ≥ 7.1 including extensions:
  + SimpleXML
  + GD
  + Mysqli
  + mbString
+ MySQL ≥ 5.6
+ Tools require cmake: Please refer to the individual repositories for detailed information
  + [MPQExtractor](https://github.com/Sarjuuk/MPQExtractor) / [FFmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/download.html) / [BLPConverter](https://github.com/Sarjuuk/BLPConverter) (optional)
  + WIN users may find it easier to use these alternatives
     + [MPQEditor](http://www.zezula.net/en/mpq/download.html) / [FFmpeg](http://ffmpeg.zeranoe.com/builds/) / [BLPConverter](https://github.com/PatrickCyr/BLPConverter) (optional)

audio processing may require [lame](https://sourceforge.net/projects/lame/files/lame/3.99/) or [vorbis-tools](https://www.xiph.org/downloads/) (which may require libvorbis (which may require libogg))

On Linux (debian-based) you can install the requirements with the following command:
```
sudo apt install php-gd php-xml php-mbstring
```

#### Highly Recommended

> + setting the following configuration values on your TrintyCore server will greatly increase the accuracy of spawn points

Reviewer: oopsies

> + setting the following configuration values on your TrintyCore server will greatly increase the accuracy of spawn points

Author: ```suggestion
+ setting the following configuration values on your AzerothCore (or TrinityCore) server will greatly increase the accuracy of spawn points
```

> + setting the following configuration values on your AzerothCore (or TrinityCore) server will greatly increase the accuracy of spawn points

Author: ```suggestion
+ setting the following configuration values on your AzerothCore server will greatly increase the accuracy of spawn points
```

#### 1. Acquire the required repositories
`git clone https://github.com/azerothcore/aowow.git aowow`  

> `git clone https://github.com/Sarjuuk/MPQExtractor.git MPQExtractor`  

Reviewer: ew

Author: ? actually I am using the main repo of MPQExtractor but I will leave this
the two spaces in the end are to say in markdown "leave a newline after"

Reviewer: I meant the blankspace you added XD

Reviewer: But now it is merged kek
